feat: Updated Azure.APIM.AvailabilityZone (#2874)
Azure/PSRule.Rules.Azure: docs/en/rules/Azure.APIM.AvailabilityZone.md

online version: https://azure.github.io/PSRule.Rules.Azure/en/rules/Azure.APIM.AvailabilityZone/
---

# API management instances should use availability zones in supported regions

## SYNOPSIS

 API Management instances should use availability zones in supported regions for high availability.

## DESCRIPTION

> API Management instances using availability zones improve reliability and ensure availability during failure scenarios affecting a data center within a region.
> 
> Enabling zone redundancy for an API Management instance in a primary region provides redundancy for all service components: gateway, management plane, and developer portal are replicated across data centers in physically separated zones, making it resilient to a zone failure.
> 
> Enabling zone redundancy for an API Management instance in a additional region provides redundancy for *only* the gateway service component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Management supports using availability zones to provide zone redundency for key components.
Zone redundancy improves resiliency and high availability of the service by deploying scale units across data centers in physically separated zones.

The following are required to deploy a zone redundant configuration:

- API Management is deployed with the Premium SKU.
- At least two scale units must be deployed in separate availbility zones

Zone redundancy has a different configuration for the primary and additional regions:

- In the primary region, all service components are replicated across zones (gateway, management plane, and developer portal).
- In additional regions, *only* the gateway is replicated across zones.
  As the management plane/ developer portal service components are only deployed to the primary region.
```

## RECOMMENDATION

> Consider using availability zones for API Management instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider using at least two (2) scale units and availability zones to improve resiliency of API Management instances to zone failures.
```

}
```

## NOTES

> For developer environments, supressing the rule might make sense as enabling zone redundancy for an API Management instance requries the `Premium` SKU currently.

Reviewer: The `NOTES` header is listed above. I like your positioning of `NOTES`, so maybe move the content from the `NOTES` above to this section so there is only one `NOTES`.

```suggestion
For developer environments, suppressing the rule might make sense as enabling zone redundancy for an API Management instance requries the `Premium` SKU currently.
```
